Well, Zhang Zi, your suggestion is very different.
Mr. Xiaojuan can't do it.
Mr. Xiaojuan, Director Li
Volcanic engineering is a key project in our country
Don't give up so easily!
Dean Li goes
You don't give up
How do you predict volcanic eruptions?
If your Hua country thinks such outrageous things
Missing the opportunity for the rise of technology
What a pity!
If the effect is lost because of you
Then you are the sinner of the whole country, the breeze
You're ashamed of yourself
They also lose face in front of their international friends
It's hopeless
Master, what are you still doing?
Why don't you apologize to Mr. Xiao Quan quickly?
What does the breeze say?
Money is always either me or you go first
The volcano hasn't erupted yet.
Why are you leaving?
Please be quiet
And the last four minutes
The island's volcano is about to erupt
Don't you even have the last 4 minutes?
Can't you wait?
Struggling until now
How dare you chase after brave
Am I being stubborn?
You can see in 4 minutes
King, do you dare to make a bet with me?
Bet on it
If the fire does not erupt
You represent the Huabo scientific community
Roll at my knife drum and cut
What if the fire erupts?
Then I represent the knife and bone science community
Roll the flower bone and cut the knife
It's a deal.